---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1-0-allotment-zone/1-0-the-allotment/","title":"🪴 The Allotment","contentClasses":"cards cards-cols-3 cards-cover cards-cover-no-border cards-title-hide-icons","tags":["gardenEntry"],"noteIcon":null,"created":"2024-04-07T21:59:11.083+01:00","updated":"2024-11-05T21:23:40.736+00:00"}
---

> [!WARNING] It's Planting Time!
> *AllotmentZone is currently undergoing its first planting! I'm working hard to realise this idea and I'm happy to have you stop by this early in the project lifecycle however, the Allotment is not ready yet and plots are not currently available.* 
> 
> Check back soon!

## Welcome To The Allotment

The allotment is a community space where people from all walks of life can take up a plot and grow their own digital garden. The allotment leans heavily on concepts developed by the social media boom while placing emphasis on personal blogs and freedom to express oneself however they see fit. 

How does it work? The allotment in it's current form brings together many digital gardens for you to explore. Here you can find inspirational content, follow along with the stories of people with whom you share a passion, or check in on what your mates have been up to. On the flip side, the allotment is a place for digital gardeners to come together to share their stories with others by taking up a plot in the allotment.

## Digital Gardens

Here a basic directory for some Digital gardens. If you want adding to this list, get in touch!


| Digital Garden Name  | Description                                                                                                         | Date Added |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| http://niallbell.com | Niall's Cave. Here you will see a glimpse into how I perceive the world, be it through photography, books or music. | 05/11/2024 |


## Get In Touch

If you think this project sounds interesting or you have ideas, let me know by dropping me an email at niall@niallbell.com

---
📧 Sign up to my newsletter [[Newsletter\|here]].
Created by Niall Bell (niall@niallbell.com)

