---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"/now","permalink":"/now/","title":"👇 Now","noteIcon":null,"created":"2024-06-10T23:23:44.387+01:00","updated":"2024-10-22T20:58:02.698+01:00"}
---

# Now

>[!TIP] The /now Movement
>This page was inspired by the [/now Movement](https://nownownow.com/about). It's a great way to help me focus on the broader priorities in my life (on temporal order of months) while allowing you fine people to learn a bit more about the mind within The Cave. Check out my nownownow.com profile [here](https://nownownow.com/p/9pwa). If you have a website I highly recommend you join the movement.

## What I'm On With Now:

I like to divide my time into two areas, day-to-day (aka what I do) and my spare time.

#### Day-to-day

I'm used to a day-to-day life that is fairly busy with many activities demanding my attention. Currently those main activities are:

1. **Photography.**  If you've browsed any other page on this site other than this one, you know that my hobsession[^1] is nature photography. I'm making a conscious effort to do more photography, because it makes me happy. 
2. **Canada.** My girlfriend and I have secured 2 year work visas for Canada and we are aiming to up-sticks in Jan 2025. Naturally this takes some planning so currently learning all I can!
3. **Exploring Philosophies.**  So far I've spent time reading about Stoicism and Epicureanism. Next up is probably going to be a deeper dive into Buddhism and Taoism. Isn't ancient philosophy just fascinating‽
4. **Managing Self**. I technically fall into that category of people whose brain works a bit differently to most, some call it neurodivergent, others ADD/ADHD. I avoid labels as these days it seems to be desirable??? I've started 'emptying' my brain into notes so that I can focus on remembering the important things like renewing car insurance and birthdays while maintaining my drive to learn. So far it's working...I think.

#### In my spare time

In my spare time (0830-1630) I develop and deliver projects ranging from electric vehicle charging infrastructure to renewable energy generation; to sustainable behaviour change in the built environment to public sector utility contract management. 

I believe it's important to take some down time from all the priorities in your life to earn some cash so you can best explore the things that make you tick. Even better if you can do so while attempting each day to leave the world a better place than when you started.



[^1]: I love a portmanteau these days; and not in terms of the French meaning of the word for a large traveling suitcase made of stiff leather. This is my most recent creation, a Hobby that one is Obsessed with...Hobsession.

---
📧 Sign up to my newsletter [[96 - Hidden Notes/Newsletter\|here]].
Created by Niall Bell (niall@niallbell.com)